[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo
trapped the kingdom inside
a barrier known as
the "Birdcage"
and challenged all
present to a game.
Amidst the chaos, he also
put prices on the heads
of Luffy and his allies, turning
the entire kingdom against them.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
Is there any hope...
...for me to join you?
For example, you always
wanted to be a pirate, right?
Me, not so much.
The methods didn't matter.
'Cause the only
thing I care about
is destroying this world!
[DWARVES gasp]
Roger that! Okay, team,
the next message!
[whistle sounds]
All right, I got no choice
but to beat it into you!
[DWARF A]
I don't know what's going on,
but there's one
thing I'm sure of.
[SMILE OVERSEER D yells]
My friends wouldn't lie!
[SMILE OVERSEER C yells]
-[CHAO] Shut up!
-[DWARF A] Underling!
[SMILE OVERSEER C groans]
[SMILE OVERSEER D groans]
[SAI]
We've got this! Go ahead!
[HAJRUDIN]
You take out the boss,
we'll keep the Executives busy!
Get him there, Cavendish,
and make it quick!
I see. So I've been
reduced to a chauffeur!
Don't give 'em an
inch! You ready?!
[LUFFY] The Second Samurai!
Evening Shower Kanjuro Appears!
[GLADIUS] Don't let
Straw Hat or his friends
make it to the third level!
No matter what,
we're take-een them down!
Is everybody ready?
[DON QUIXOTE
PIRATES grunt, shout]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
This is the end of the road!
We're stopping you here!
-[LUFFY grunts]
-[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yell]
[GILLY]
Yahoo!
[GILLY yelling]
[ELIZABELLO yelling]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[GILLY]
You buncha pests!
[ELIZABELLO]
Buzz off!
[HAJRUDIN growls]
Incoming!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[HAJRUDIN grunts]
[yells]
Destruction Cannon!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[laughs]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groan]
Damn it, those meatheads
were a mess a second ago.
But now they're
one hell of a team!
Can't say I like this,
but if we're gonna win,
it's the only way.
Go, Cavendish!
You don't need to gawk at us!
Just get Straw Hat
to the Royal Palace!
[CAVENDISH sighs]
Everyone's bossing me around.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES grunt]
[CAVENDISH]
Onward, Farul. Hmph!
-[LUFFY yelps]
-[FARUL whinnies]
[GLADIUS]
Not so fast.
[SAI yelling]
[IDEO]
Destruction Can-
[LAO G grunts, chuckles]
Don't drop your guard,
with a capital G!
[IDEO grunts]
[SAI, IDEO yell]
[GROUP grunts]
[GLADIUS]
Prepare to be blown to pieces.
Mine Pop!
[BOTH gasp]
[BOTH yelling]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D]
He did it!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Serves 'em right!
[GLADIUS]
You're supposed to be
chasing after
Straw Hat, you idiots!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Oh! Yes, sir!
Armsmorphosis!
[BABY 5]
Revolver Girl!
[CHIN JAO yelps]
[ORLUMBUS groans]
How pathetic. You abandoned your
pride and teamed up so quickly.
Despite our differences,
we are all in agreement
that Garp's Grandson
is worth uniting for.
Enough talk!
Head-Arms!
Uh.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[CHIN JAO]
Escaping, is she?
[DELLINGER giggles] Don't
just stand there, Mister King!
Let's have some fun!
Pistol High-Heel!
[gasps]
[ELIZABELLO groans]
[screams]
[DELLINGER chuckles]
[ELIZABELLO groaning]
[DELLINGER] So tell me,
how much is a King's life worth?
[chuckles]
[growls]
[gasps]
[yells]
[DELLINGER grunts]
Seems I wasn't fast enough.
[ELIZABELLO grunts]
You did fine!
Hah! I wasn't helping you-
I just want him dead!
[MACHVISE chuckles]
[ELIZABELLO, HAJRUDIN]
Huh?
Here's a Ten-Ton Vise!
[HAJRUDIN grunts]
[groans]
Hajrudin!
You almost took a clobber-een!
Be careful!
I was just having
a little fun! Jeez!
I can kill him when I want to.
[laughs] Excellent work!
[BOO, GILLY grunting]
[DAGAMA]
Under my guidance,
you've all become
capable warriors.
I was perfectly capable
on my own, thank you.
We ain't your allies, Dagama!
[DAGAMA chuckles]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE L] Don't let
them reach the Royal Palace!
Now! Block their path!
[FARUL whinnies]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelling]
There's too many!
Let's clear the way!
[GROUP]
Yeah!
If we triumph here,
we can grasp victory!
It looks like that stubby
guy is calling the shots.
I'll stomp him out.
[yells]
Uh? [groans]
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Daruma took a big hit!
[DELLINGER grunts]
What?!
Hey! Let go of me, you jerk!
[laughs] Keep going, Straw Hat!
Don't look back!
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY growls]
Open fire!
Keep them down
there at any cost!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[CAVENDISH]
Blade of Beauty!
Saint-Exupery!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES screaming]
Now, Gum-Gum Jet Gatling!
[yelling]
[CAVENDISH growls]
[snoring]
So creepy.
Maybe it's one of the
beasts from the coliseum.
[KIN'EMON] It seems to
be coming from this wall.
[KIN'EMON]
Hm.
[gasps]
[KANJURO]
I said I can't eat anymore.
[KIN'EMON]
Could it be?
[CROWD gasps]
[KIN'EMON gasps]
[KANJURO groans]
[KANJURO]
Morning already?
What's going on here?
Somebody was hiding in the wall?
[laughs, cries]
[cries]
It's really you.
Ka-
Kan-!
[KIN'EMON wails]
I'm so glad you're safe!
Kanjuro!
How I've missed you!
[KANJURO]
Wha...?
Oh, Kin'emon!
At long last!
My heart dances!
[KANJURO] My apologies. It seems
I was troublesome to find.
I encountered one strange
occurrence after another,
so I thought it might be wise
to hide in the wall
until danger had passed.
However, it seems I fell asleep.
You're truly a
remarkable friend.
I'm grateful that
you came back for me.
[KIN'EMON sniffs]
How could you say that?
[KIN'EMON]
Momonosuke! No!
[KANJURO]
Spare not a thought for me!
Just protect Momonosuke!
I kept you waiting-forgive me.
[laughs] There's
no cause for regret.
I would gladly wait for my
friend as long as it took.
I trust you.
[CROWD gasps]
[KANJURO] Thanks to my sorcery,
I was able to conceal myself.
I could produce
sustenance as well.
[KANJURO]
Where are my manners?
Perhaps you have not
been as fortunate as I.
Want some lettuce?
No, I'm fine.
Your food never
agrees with my stomach.
[KANJURO laughs]
[KANJURO]
I trust that Momonosuke
is in good health, as well?
Indeed he is. Thanks to you.
Good news! In that case, I hope
that we can be reunited soon.
Likewise!
I'm sure Momonosuke will be
eager to see you, as well!
A great many
things have happened
since the two of us parted ways.
Far too many to explain.
Doing so will have to
wait until another time.
We must make haste.
Very well, then. Let us depart.
[SOLDIER C] Huh? Does that
mean they know a way out?
[TOWNSMAN A]
Who are these people?
[KANJURO yells]
A painting?
What's that gonna do?
[KANJURO grunting]
Now, come forth!
[CROWD murmurs]
[KANJURO grunts]
Spring Sparrow!
[CROWD gasps]
This is weird!
[BIRD A grunts]
He must have Devil-Fruit powers!
It's moving on its own!
[BIRD A groans]
[BIRD A squawks]
[CROWD gasps] That picture
of a bird just came to life!
[CROWD] He's a crappy artist,
though. It looks awful.
[SOLDIER D]
That's an amazing power,
but he can't draw birds at all!
Poor thing can barely fly!
[BIRD A grunting]
[KANJURO]
Now, Kin'emon, away we go!
[KIN'EMON]
Mm.
[BIRD A groans]
[KANJURO laughs] This spring
sparrow shall deliver us
straight to the outside!
Hold on, you two!
[KANJURO]
Hm?
The people here are
King Riku's soldiers
and citizens who were once toys.
We need to know if
King Riku is alive, please!
We're so lost right now!
[KANJURO, KIN'EMON]
Hm.
Our families are waiting
for us up in the city!
Is there any way
you can take us?
We're trapped!
What do ya say?
I would be thrilled to help!
One moment, please!
[CROWD gasps]
[TOWNSMAN E]
Brilliant!
[TOWNSMAN F]
Thank you, samurai!
[SOLDIER H]
We can finally get out of here!
Take turns climbing up!
The ladders are not
particularly sturdy!
We could climb better if
the lines were straight.
Well, that's just
hurtful. How rude.
[BIRD A gasping]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yell]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE O]
There's Straw Hat! Fire!
Why don't you try
aiming at us, too?
Hoo!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelling]
[DELLINGER]
Guillotine High-Heel!
[GILLY groans]
Since you asked so nicely!
Ah! The Longleg guy got beat!
[CAVENDISH]
Enough! Eyes forward, Straw Hat!
We have one objective,
and that's making it to
Doflamingo's palace!
The moment that I heard him make
that announcement to everyone,
I realized the bitter truth!
[DOFLAMINGO] Your objective
is to assassinate me.
It's kill or be killed.
Every person in the kingdom
is now a bounty hunter.
And the only way
for you to survive...
...is for you to take
the life of another person.
[DOFLAMINGO cackles]
This so-called game of his
is nothing but a death trap!
[CAVENDISH grunts]
[CAVENDISH] As soon as
Doflamingo's weapon trafficking
was revealed, along with
the truth of the toys,
I suspect that every
person in this kingdom
was given a death sentence.
Doflamingo won't
let any information
escape from Dressrosa.
That's the real
reason why he locked
the kingdom inside
this Bird Cage.
Now do you realize
what the situation is?
He's created a solitary island,
cut off from the
rest of the world.
The citizens, who are
waiting for a miracle
or trying to play the game,
will all be killed.
[LUFFY growls]
[CAVENDISH] The only way
to escape the island
and save its people
from this massacre
is to get rid of Doflamingo
before it's too late.
The kingdom has been
thrown into absolute chaos,
but even though the situation
is spiraling out of control,
strangely, Doflamingo seems
to be enjoying himself.
[cackling]
He's the most cunning
adversary I've ever met.
I'm certain of that.
[CAVENDISH]
And yet, despite his strength
and obvious advantages
in this situation,
Doflamingo still
made one key error.
He held a tournament
at the coliseum
and invited an army of powerful,
and more importantly,
strong-willed fighters
into his kingdom.
There's no way
we'll submit to him!
[CAVENDISH]
Especially me.
I will defeat Doflamingo
with my own hands!
Stop saying that!
I already called dibs on
Mingo like a million times!
This one's personal.
Doflamingo's mine.
While your passion is
admirable, this is my fight.
[LUFFY] That's cheating!
You said you wanted
one of the Executives
and nobody complained!
[KYROS]
As a personal matter, yes.
But it's my duty to
take back this kingdom
in the name of King Riku!
[ALL growl]
For ten years, I have waited
to put an end this tragedy!
Well, my grudge is from 13
years ago. How 'bout that?
Then mine is from 30 years ago!
Dirty liar! You're not 30.
You're not even as old as I am!
[LUFFY growls]
Get off my horse.
You get off my horse!
That doesn't make sense!
That's what you
get for inviting me!
We're at the end of the road!
[LUFFY gasps]
[CAVENDISH grunts]
I can see it!
That's the third level!
Okay, ignore that and
keep running like this,
straight up to the palace!
Go, horse!
[FARUL whinnies]
Is something
the matter, Farul?
[thudding]
[thudding continues]
[gasps]
Holy-! What the heck
are those things?!
[NARRATOR] Luffy's group is held
up by a group of strange dolls
as Zoro continues his
battle against Pica.
Suddenly, the stone
giant aims a massive,
flying fist at
Robin and her allies.
When it seems like Pica's
crushing blow is unavoidable,
Zoro unleashes a deadly attack
to even the playing field!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Hard-Fought Battle Against
Pica! Zoro's Deadly Attack!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!